Caption: okay welcome everybody we'll make a
Caption: start I think people are going to
Caption: continue streaming in as they get their
Caption: lunch but we will make a start my name
Caption: is Sean I'm the CTO at Bank West we're
Caption: very very proud to be associated with
Caption: DDD since the very first one four years
Caption: ago I'm absolutely blown away by how
Caption: much this conference has grown from
Caption: about 80 people down at the Swan River I
Caption: think it was down in in Burswood a few
Caption: years ago and to see it scale to 500
Caption: people here today the amount of
Caption: engagement the quality of the speakers
Caption: hats off to rob and all of the
Caption: volunteers who've helped today together
Caption: because it's been a phenomenal
Caption: conference so far a bank west we're
Caption: undergoing our own revolution we've just
Caption: implemented a bank wide revolution
Caption: towards agile ways of working end to end
Caption: the whole bank has changed its operating
Caption: model we're also undergoing a technology
Caption: driven revolution where we are building
Caption: a new technology sack and luckily we've
Caption: got Mike here helping us plan our
Caption: migration onto our new technology sack
Caption: and I met Mike about three months ago in
Caption: London where I heard him give a talk
Caption: about software revolutions and DevOps
Caption: and continuous delivery so we flew him
Caption: over here to come and give us a hand and
Caption: very luckily it coincided with
Caption: dee-dee-dee so we were able to get him
Caption: to give his talk today if you want to
Caption: hear more about bankwest we've got our
Caption: orange grove out the side which is
Caption: manned all day and you can come and
Caption: speak to people about what it's like to
Caption: work at Bank West what we're doing in
Caption: the technology space and the only
Caption: criteria is you must like orange or
Caption: oranges and with serving fresh orange
Caption: juice there all day and but yeah I'll
Caption: hand over now to Mike who's gonna give
Caption: his talk on how software revolutions
Caption: happen thank you
Caption: thanks everyone
Caption: huh it's working you can hear me I hope
Caption: not
Caption: there we go we're live so yes hi
Caption: everyone I'm Mike I want to share with
Caption: you something I'm really excited about
Caption: it's a little bit about why I think
Caption: agile represents a new paradigm in
Caption: software and also why DevOps and
Caption: continuous delivery are instrumental and
Caption: that story the idea oh sorry thank you
Caption: to all of our sponsors aren't they
Caption: awesome so the ideas from Forrest talk
Caption: really came from and were inspired by
Caption: this book this is the structure of
Caption: scientific revolutions that was written
Caption: in the late 60s it was Thomas Kuhn wrote
Caption: the book at the time Kuhn he was
Caption: studying for his PhD in physics but he
Caption: also happened to have to teach a course
Caption: on the history of science as part of his
Caption: duties at the University and what he
Caption: realized from teaching this to to the
Caption: students was that the way that we teach
Caption: and understand science and the way
Caption: science is moving forward is completely
Caption: different from the way it actually
Caption: happens and instead of soft science
Caption: being some kind of incremental journey
Caption: towards finding the truth what happens
Caption: in actual fact is that we could go along
Caption: in these paradigms it was this book that
Caption: first kind of came up with the term the
Caption: paradigm shift so scientists were
Caption: operating in a paradigm until they had a
Caption: big revolution and they had a new
Caption: paradigm and this was the normal way of
Caption: scientific progress so this is the the
Caption: proper method this is Howard generally
Caption: taught at school and universities that
Caption: this is how science works we make
Caption: observations think of interesting
Caption: questions formulate hypothesis develop
Caption: testable predictions run they run the
Caption: tests figure out what we've learned this
Caption: is the scientific method right this is
Caption: what we believe
Caption: as science and it is kind of true it is
Caption: kind of how things work but it's also
Caption: not actually how we've progressed
Caption: through history
Caption: what Kuhn says is actually what we do is
Caption: we go through these revolutions and our
Caption: scientific fields are reconstructed from
Caption: the ground up through each of these
Caption: revolutions we have new fundamentals so
Caption: this is Koons cycle of the revolutions
Caption: normally we were going through this
Caption: normal science which which does actually
Caption: look quite like the pauper model it
Caption: occurs within a worldview that this was
Caption: what really is the paradigm we all share
Caption: this common worldview and what science
Caption: is trying to do in this phase of of the
Caption: field is to bring nature and theory into
Caption: closer agreement this is what scientists
Caption: are doing the thing is that during our
Caption: time scientists take the foundations of
Caption: their field for granted they don't have
Caption: to rewrite textbooks the University
Caption: literature is sound there's there is a
Caption: method for growing within this field and
Caption: most importantly you generally get the
Caption: results you expect to get so when we
Caption: that the Large Hadron Collider and did
Caption: the experiments we found the Higgs boson
Caption: this was the result we kind of expected
Caption: that's why people spend money on the
Caption: experiment in the first place
Caption: same with Dolly the sheep let's try and
Caption: clone a mammal well
Caption: they cloned a mammal there's no big
Caption: surprise it's an achievement for sure
Caption: and it's bringing science forward but it
Caption: we're not really falsifying hypothesis
Caption: we're actually getting the results we
Caption: expect the thing is though when
Caption: operating in a paradigm paradigms and
Caption: science is never correct we're not
Caption: finished with science and what happens
Caption: is all these little sometimes anomaly
Caption: start to crop up they they don't fit
Caption: into the worldview and doesn't make
Caption: sense and scientists some scientists
Caption: start to question whether we have the
Caption: right foundations for the field but
Caption: importantly even if there are things
Caption: that don't fit into the field people
Caption: will hold on to the paradigm because
Caption: that's the foundation of the field the
Caption: give up the paradigm unless there's
Caption: another paradigm to replace it
Caption: F enough anomalies crop up eventually
Caption: the field gets into a state of crisis
Caption: and people start to think really outside
Caption: of the box starting to question the
Caption: fundamentals there's a lot of discontent
Caption: and fighting and arguments in the field
Caption: now the only way to get out of a crisis
Caption: is through a revolution and to get a
Caption: revolution you need a new theory a new
Caption: foundation for the field and this new
Caption: theory will completely wipe away the
Caption: previous paradigm that and theories that
Caption: we had and the old paradigm and the old
Caption: paradigm is completely replaced and then
Caption: we get this paradigm change or paradigm
Caption: shift and it's follows the Highland
Caption: pattern that can only be one paradigm in
Caption: a field at a time and older views are
Caption: simply read out of the the profession
Caption: people who hold on to the old world view
Caption: are no longer relevant and the new
Caption: fields so I hope you can start to see
Caption: that this can be quite similar to a lot
Caption: of the history of software so there we
Caption: go we go through paradigms one paradigm
Caption: to the next paradigm and it seems messy
Caption: it seems wrong but this is actually the
Caption: normal pattern this is how science
Caption: progresses it's not a bug it's a feature
Caption: we do the progress we can and a paradigm
Caption: until it doesn't fit and then we've cast
Caption: it aside and find the new one this is
Caption: how science progresses just to make it a
Caption: bit more concrete there was a time when
Caption: we all believed that the world was the
Caption: center of the universe and I made
Caption: perfect sense because we're standing
Caption: still obviously and everything's flying
Caption: past us there goes the Sun there goes
Caption: the moon there goes the Stars this is
Caption: normal but Copernicus and Kepler well
Caption: they were thinking wow this doesn't
Caption: really fit that doesn't fit what we're
Caption: seeing in this guy something's not right
Caption: and so they came up with this new world
Caption: view it was like instead of geocentrism
Caption: we had heliocentrism so yeah maybe the
Caption: Sun is the center of the universe
Caption: doesn't that make more sense it's not
Caption: quite right answer either but it was a
Caption: step
Caption: in the right direction fifty years later
Caption: we had Newton coming up with some
Caption: interesting thoughts what if the way
Caption: that the planets move around the Sun
Caption: operated in the same model as the way
Caption: ball flies through the air what about if
Caption: these equations were general what about
Caption: if we had a general law of gravity and
Caption: this was important as well because this
Caption: was the first time and in history where
Caption: we started to understand that there
Caption: wasn't different laws for the things
Caption: that happened in the sky the celestial
Caption: bodies had the same physics as the
Caption: things on earth and actually Newton's
Caption: laws served us very well for quite some
Caption: time and then eventually we got Einstein
Caption: coming along thinking well maybe it's
Caption: not space and time that's fixed maybe
Caption: it's the speed of light that's fixed and
Caption: speed in time or kind of squirrely so
Caption: that's that's how for example physics
Caption: has been progressing through successive
Caption: revolutions then we had quantum field
Caption: theory and it's going to continue it's
Caption: just going to continue this is how we
Caption: make progress now then how does this map
Caption: into software
Caption: well software is a much younger field
Caption: you could go back to Babbage and ADA
Caption: Lovelace but I think it really started
Caption: with cheering in the Turing machine so
Caption: this was the late 30s where cheering is
Caption: starting to talk about the Turing
Caption: machine and it was only if thirty years
Caption: later when we had our first software
Caption: crisis and it was called the software
Caption: crisis this was this was an open
Caption: discussion amongst the academics and
Caption: leaders in the field and Dykstra says it
Caption: like this as long as there was no
Caption: machines programming was no problem at
Caption: all
Caption: and then we had a few weak computers
Caption: programming was a little bit of a
Caption: problem
Caption: and now we've got gigantic computers
Caption: remember this was 1968 so they were
Caption: truly massive they they started to have
Caption: gigantic problems and they they
Caption: understood that they couldn't continue
Caption: the way they were going now they also
Caption: had an idea for the way forward and
Caption: where he said that's where this quote
Caption: comes from as an indication of what they
Caption: thought the solution was
Caption: was the NATO software engineering
Caption: conference in 1968
Caption: what Dijkstra and the other leaders in
Caption: the field thought at this stage was
Caption: we're going to engineer our way out of
Caption: this problem we're going to start to
Caption: adopt principles and practices from an
Caption: engineering and that's going to get us
Caption: forward this is going to solve this big
Caption: complexity headache we've got so that's
Caption: what we did we've pretended like we were
Caption: civil engineers building bridges we made
Caption: plans we we did estimations otherwise
Caption: how are we going to know how much the
Caption: projects gonna cost then we start to do
Caption: some design and break it down and
Caption: decompose the problem and this was the
Caption: era of what I call the the engineering
Caption: year and software and not circus from
Caption: the late sixties to ad argue the late
Caption: 90s and it was phenomenally successful
Caption: everyone bags on waterfall and old ways
Caption: of doing things but people forget how
Caption: much progress we made in the software
Caption: field between 68 and 98 it was massive
Caption: the thing is it didn't last right we all
Caption: know it didn't last
Caption: eventually the anomaly started to pop up
Caption: just like in science right the anomaly
Caption: started to pick up this is a great page
Caption: on Wikipedia one of my favorites I think
Caption: it's my favorite Wikipedia page after
Caption: the list of cognitive biases this is a
Caption: Wikipedia page on software failures the
Caption: projects that are failed in software now
Caption: this is a small section of part of that
Caption: page which is about permanent failures
Caption: basically projects that fail to deliver
Caption: on any of their outcomes or any of the
Caption: values that they were expecting to get
Caption: one of them that's particularly close to
Caption: my heart is in the middle there the NHS
Caption: for connecting health do we have any
Caption: British people in the audience right so
Caption: you probably have heard about this too
Caption: maybe some of you who were on this
Caption: project I don't know but here it costs
Caption: the taxpayers 12 billion pounds 12
Caption: billion pounds that's like 20 million
Caption: it's 20 billion dollars I guess
Caption: something in that ballpark
Caption: could you imagine that amount of money I
Caption: mean that's a lot of Apple stock it's
Caption: really a lot of money and that project
Caption: failed to deliver any value no I'm
Caption: pretty sure that they followed all the
Caption: good engineering practices I'm sure they
Caption: had estimates I'm sure they had a plan
Caption: I'm sure they had architects drawing
Caption: good documents I'm sure that they fold
Caption: everything down to the letter and all of
Caption: the suppliers were CMI level five this
Caption: was this was not a failure of process
Caption: that this project failed there was
Caption: something else going on there was other
Caption: kind of anomalies cropping up too there
Caption: was open source
Caption: you know Linux and different ways of
Caption: working like XP which were showing how
Caption: you could succeed without following any
Caption: of that engineering nonsense without
Caption: having requirements without having
Caption: design documents without being
Caption: co-located using volunteers there was
Caption: all kinds of ways you could make
Caption: software that didn't fit this
Caption: engineering practice it's only scale to
Caption: very very large projects so we had these
Caption: two kinds of anomalies really starting
Caption: to creep up and they're coming to a head
Caption: during the late 90s and we have this
Caption: crisis and a lot of the leaders in the
Caption: field at this stage we're saying well
Caption: hold on maybe we've got the wrong idea
Caption: maybe we've got the wrong you know
Caption: paradigm maybe we have the wrong
Caption: fundamentals for a field what if just
Caption: what if we're not civil engineers making
Caption: bridges what if instead were working on
Caption: the factory floor making Toyota's would
Caption: not be a different story it's a lot less
Caption: glamorous isn't it but it's maybe closer
Caption: to the truth
Caption: so eventually these leaders who were
Caption: more or less arguing through all the 90s
Caption: about the best way to make software got
Caption: together and Snowbird and figured out
Caption: well at least there were some things
Caption: they could agree on and they got the
Caption: manifesto for agile software and this
Caption: was quite revolutionary at the change at
Caption: the time live a little bit later
Caption: required
Caption: some more information because the the
Caption: values of the manifesto weren't enough
Caption: for people so a little bit later they
Caption: came with some principles behind the
Caption: agile manifesto the very first principle
Caption: and they also state the highest priority
Caption: is to satisfy the customer with early
Caption: and continuous delivery of valuable
Caption: software now this is 2002 what we have
Caption: here is a theory that if we can satisfy
Caption: the customer with early and continuous
Caption: delivery of software it will lead to
Caption: better outcomes this is a theory it
Caption: sounds good but at the time there was a
Caption: lot of pushback people found it hard to
Caption: give up the old paradigm but still we
Caption: had a theory the thing is a theory is
Caption: not enough to get a revolution if we go
Caption: back to and the structure of
Caption: scientific revolutions you can't get a
Caption: revolution just for theory you need
Caption: achievements too and the achievements
Caption: ones that have to be sufficiently
Caption: unprecedented something that could not
Caption: have been done with the old paradigm and
Caption: secondly they have to be sufficiently
Caption: open-ended and that's because in order
Caption: to get to like spark a new paradigm a
Caption: revolution you need to get people in
Caption: your field into it now smart people are
Caption: not interested in solutions and I know
Caption: you're all smart people what we're
Caption: interested in our problems we get
Caption: attracted to problems because we want to
Caption: go and solve problems that's why we do
Caption: what we do so we needed unprecedented
Caption: achievements and open-ended problems to
Caption: solve
Caption: I think Part B was solved at the stage
Caption: of the agile manifesto but there wasn't
Caption: any really big successes with agile for
Caption: quite a while actually and I would say
Caption: it wasn't until we started to see what I
Caption: guess we could call the second growth of
Caption: Silicon Valley when we started to get a
Caption: lot more companies having what we s we
Caption: call unicorns these days having great
Caption: success at delivering software
Caption: continuously and frequently
Caption: and I think Flickr was the kind of the
Caption: vanguard of this when they were talking
Caption: about ten deploys per day at the
Caption: velocity conference in 2009 and very
Caption: shortly after that we've got this term
Caption: DevOps and DevOps days and we started to
Caption: get more and more literature the Phoenix
Caption: project there was a lot more there was a
Caption: lot more success people were having
Caption: great success by following these agile
Caption: manifesto principles so we have a theory
Caption: and we start to have some achievements
Caption: we've still got a lot of problems to
Caption: solve part of the problems we have is
Caption: that we don't have the tools to do
Caption: continuous delivery continuous delivery
Caption: is a great idea we can write it down in
Caption: a manifesto but how do we actually
Caption: deliver continuously to the customer it
Caption: requires an awful lot of tooling and the
Caption: good news is that as software engineers
Caption: where we love making tools sometimes a
Caption: little bit too much we can see that the
Caption: same story played out in software
Caption: without the telescope we couldn't have
Caption: kepler's tables and we wouldn't have
Caption: been able to get Isaac Newton's
Caption: principles
Caption: it's just simple that you need the tools
Caption: plus the data to get the theory they all
Caption: go together
Caption: same thing with evolution if we hadn't
Caption: been able to make ocean-going voyages if
Caption: we didn't have the expedition where
Caption: Darwin went and collected all the data
Caption: and started to see the differences
Caption: between different islands we would never
Caption: have had the theory of evolution now it
Caption: doesn't need to go in that order you
Caption: don't have to have the fear the the the
Caption: tools and the data to capture the theory
Caption: sometimes you get the theory first and
Caption: that's especially true in physics
Caption: because physics you have applied and non
Caption: applied physics experimental and so on
Caption: so the Higgs mechanism was actually
Caption: postulated in 1964 it was almost like 50
Caption: years later when we actually got
Caption: anywhere to proving it and that was
Caption: because we didn't have the tools or the
Caption: the data but with CERN we got the Large
Caption: Hadron Collider we got the tool and then
Caption: the experiments produce the data that
Caption: actually proved that the Higgs field was
Caption: there so we need tools and we need data
Caption: to be able to sustain a theory and get
Caption: that revolution well telescope we got
Caption: the Beagle expedition we've got a large
Caption: hi John Collider experiments now agile
Caption: has this theory the theory is that agile
Caption: approaches agile practices will improve
Caption: your business outcomes but where are the
Caption: tools to help to implement not and
Caption: where's the data to show that that's
Caption: actually true there's no at least in the
Caption: the first decade of this century there
Caption: was mostly just anecdote at this stage
Caption: but as software engineers we started
Caption: building tools we started to understand
Caption: that there's a lot of things in
Caption: continuous delivery that we can automate
Caption: and more or less everything that happens
Caption: after you're done with your work to it
Caption: being delivered to the customer should
Caption: be automated I you don't want to be
Caption: building your software manually you
Caption: don't wanna be testing yourself we're
Caption: manually you don't want to be producing
Caption: your documentation and your compliance
Caption: manually you want to have that all like
Caption: it's a fixed steady repeatable process
Caption: and we built lots and lots of tooling
Caption: around us ideally you can think of any
Caption: technology organization as some kind of
Caption: meat machine whose purpose is to take
Caption: customer or business needs and deliver
Caption: them it's a change delivery organization
Caption: that's why technology organizations
Caption: exist so everything you can do to make
Caption: that smoother and use the tooling which
Caption: is a good good investment so a quick
Caption: question how many people are using some
Caption: of these tools right nearly I guess all
Caption: of you right and I'm sorry if there's
Caption: any COBOL people here
Caption: but I mean the other good side of being
Caption: a software engineer is that we're not
Caption: only good at making tools but really
Caption: good adopting them all of these tools I
Caption: think maybe yeah in the last 10 years
Caption: all of these tools were made in the last
Caption: 10 years I think that's a true statement
Caption: and I think that nearly every software
Caption: project is using some combination of
Caption: these tools at this stage so we're good
Caption: at this we're good at retooling and of
Caption: course we have to change a little bit as
Caption: well we need to get our everybody and
Caption: the teams we don't want to have silos
Caption: and so on we want to automate good so we
Caption: have the tools we can adopt them but
Caption: where's the data we need to back this up
Caption: we can't just pretend that we know what
Caption: we're talking about thankfully there's
Caption: been a lot of work over the last five or
Caption: so years by the DevOps research and
Caption: assessments company led by Nicole
Caption: four-screen and gene Kim and Jess humble
Caption: sorry and they've been doing an awful
Caption: lot of data gathering and they do an
Caption: annual survey of thousands of IT
Caption: professionals have any of you
Caption: participated in this year's survey a few
Caption: so this is really important for our
Caption: industry because this is the first kind
Caption: of steps towards us becoming more
Caption: professional in what we're doing it's
Caption: about gathering data from our industry
Caption: to see what's working and what's not
Caption: there's a lot of talk and conferences
Caption: about what's working what's not I tried
Caption: this you tried that it's fine we're
Caption: getting a lot of ideas but at some stage
Caption: we need to get some numbers and see
Caption: what's working and what's not so with
Caption: with the state of DevOps report what
Caption: they're doing is they're taking all the
Caption: data they're getting from these survey
Caption: responses and they're publishing it for
Caption: free and an a report but the most
Caption: important thing is that everything about
Caption: it is based on rigorous scientific
Caption: method of course what they're finding is
Caption: that there's a big difference between IT
Caption: organizations there's high performers
Caption: and low performers as anyone surprised
Caption: by the fact that there's high
Caption: performers in low performers in IT no
Caption: I'm not either
Caption: but equally what's fun is that they give
Caption: you some real numbers so you can see
Caption: where on the performance kind of
Caption: spectrum your organization is falling
Caption: and what you should be focusing on to
Caption: get there now this is the most shall I
Caption: say for me this is the most important
Caption: aspect of the state of DevOps report
Caption: it's about 50 pages and this is the one
Caption: diagram and at which I think is the
Caption: where the the guts of the value are
Caption: coming out because what this is showing
Caption: is from their data
Caption: what is predictive of financial outcomes
Caption: and an organization so let me just
Caption: simplify this a little bit so over on
Caption: the far right it's it's all about the
Caption: money right what are the financial
Caption: outcomes for the business in terms of
Caption: like your organization your company how
Caption: did they but how did they perform on the
Caption: stock market last year
Caption: that's how are they figuring they're
Caption: correlating or actually more than
Caption: correlating they're associating
Caption: financial outcomes with IT performance
Caption: of the company so what they found is
Caption: that there are two key things that are
Caption: predictive of positive or negative
Caption: financial outcomes and that's whether
Caption: your company is adopting lean product
Caption: management practices and whether you're
Caption: able to do continuous delivery or to the
Caption: extent that what you're doing continuous
Caption: delivery so those two things and your IT
Caption: organization are actually predictive of
Caption: a financial performance of your company
Caption: now that's important that's the first
Caption: very very important outcome from this
Caption: research the other the other thing is
Caption: that it goes more into the individual
Caption: practices and that are required to get
Caption: there and what they found of course is
Caption: that if you don't have transformational
Caption: leadership at the very foundation of all
Caption: you're doing then none of the rest will
Caption: happen if if your leadership team isn't
Caption: behind gleen practices isn't behind
Caption: developing technical excellence adopting
Caption: practices and tools to make your
Caption: organization
Caption: excellent technically
Caption: then you're going to struggle now you
Caption: don't have to survey thousands of people
Caption: to figure out what your what you're
Caption: doing where you are and how you're
Caption: improving or getting worse some very
Caption: very simple things actually there's four
Caption: key if I go back here there's four key
Caption: shall we say IT metrics that are
Caption: completely predictive predictive not
Caption: just correlated but predictive of
Caption: business performance and that's your
Caption: deployment frequency how often you can
Caption: make changes to production the lead time
Caption: for changes once a change is ready how
Caption: long does it take to get to the customer
Caption: your mean time to recover we all fail
Caption: but how long does it take you to figure
Caption: out and recover from it and then your
Caption: change failure rate how often does
Caption: something fail in production when you
Caption: change it so those only those four
Caption: metrics are they're the only four
Caption: metrics you need to capture to
Caption: understand your IT performance and these
Caption: are the ones that you should be
Caption: optimizing for if you care about
Caption: performance now of course you need to go
Caption: through a lot of these other practices
Caption: to get better at those numbers but at
Caption: least those four numbers are shown to be
Caption: predictive of financial outcomes very
Caption: simple one you can measure most of those
Caption: actually all those four measures can be
Caption: measured from your incident system your
Caption: your CIA deployment system and your task
Caption: management system you probably already
Caption: have this data you just need to find a
Caption: way to get out and monitoring you can
Caption: even just do it manually once a month
Caption: that's good enough one thing that I find
Caption: is very important is that most of us is
Caption: there anyone in the room that's not a
Caption: developer right so I'm going to speak to
Caption: the developers for a second because what
Caption: I find is that if you take a value
Caption: stream from a customer need to be
Caption: delivered developers are in this very
Caption: small box there's a whole bunch of stuff
Caption: that happens before the work starts and
Caption: there's a whole bunch of stuff that
Caption: normally has to happen afterwards and
Caption: this is especially true in regulated
Caption: environments so you need to get you need
Caption: to start to think about your whole value
Caption: stream get everybody that's involved in
Caption: your software delivery chain your IT
Caption: operations your compliance everybody get
Caption: them all involved and map out your full
Caption: value stream because there's no point in
Caption: doing local optimizations it's not going
Caption: to help you need to think about the
Caption: whole right I know I'm running a little
Caption: bit late so I'll just I just want to
Caption: wrap up real quick with a couple of
Caption: thoughts to take away with it the first
Caption: is a fantastic book by Andy Grove Andy
Caption: Grove was the CEO of Intel he's
Caption: considered to be one of the best tech
Caption: leaders of all time
Caption: he took Intel from being primarily and
Caption: the memory business to being primarily
Caption: and the CPU business and not required
Caption: completely changing the organization it
Caption: was a real transformation and this book
Caption: tells that story only the paranoid
Caption: survive in the book he has this very
Caption: very key idea about the strategic
Caption: inflection point where we're starting a
Caption: feed state and the memory business you
Caption: know it was getting eaten and eating and
Caption: eating the the prices were going down
Caption: the competition was becoming fiercer and
Caption: frankly the Japanese manufacturers were
Caption: making better and cheaper memory than
Caption: Intel were and he understood that if he
Caption: kept fighting in that fight
Caption: Intel would no longer exist as a company
Caption: but what he also saw was that if we had
Caption: this we have a chance now to get on to
Caption: the next the next technology and that
Caption: was CPUs and they did that and Intel
Caption: became phenomenally successful because
Caption: of it but it was an extremely hard
Caption: journey so this idea of strategic
Caption: inflection points is really important
Caption: and I think that digitalization of
Caption: traditional industries as other
Caption: traditional industries are facing
Caption: similar inflection points where banks
Caption: manufacturing health care insurance
Caption: they're all facing these same problems
Caption: because those that are digitalizing and
Caption: getting you data are doing
Caption: much better so the future is here this
Caption: is good news there's lots of people who
Caption: have already done a lot of the hard
Caption: learning you don't want to be the first
Caption: to adopt stuff
Caption: don't run sto in production just yet for
Caption: instance you definitely don't want to be
Caption: the last to adopt either because your
Caption: company is probably going to get out of
Caption: business you want to optimize for
Caption: throughput plan for replace ability and
Caption: learn from the community come to events
Caption: like this learn and find out what other
Caption: people are doing so yeah that's it I
Caption: think that DevOps does define our
Caption: paradigm I think that there is a staff
Caption: consensus that agile is the theory that
Caption: is the foundation of this new paradigm
Caption: nobody's going back to civil engineer
Caption: approaches to software development
Caption: unless you're making software for
Caption: missiles and so on maybe you want to do
Caption: that but for everyone else
Caption: nobody's going back we're only going
Caption: forward so agile was the theory
Caption: DevOps continuous delivery or practices
Caption: that underpin it and now it's time to
Caption: prove it and show the value of these
Caption: changes by gathering the data adopting
Caption: the tools and getting really really
Caption: strong in our technical excellence
Caption: so yeah science it works thanks very
Caption: much for giving me your lunch break and
Caption: if you have to we have no time for
Caption: questions I'm unfortunately but I'll be
Caption: around all day and at the after-party so
Caption: if you want to talk more about any of
Caption: these ideas please come over and talk to
Caption: me
Caption: [Applause]
Caption: you